cloud: support scale up for dedicated tiers (#10821)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/scale-tidb-cluster.md

> **Note:**
>

> > AWS has a cooldown period of node storage or size changes. If your TiDB cluster is hosted by AWS, after changing the node storage or node size of TiKV or TiFlash, you must wait at least six hours before you can change it again.

Reviewer: This node should also be mentioned in "Increase node size"

Author: added in https://github.com/pingcap/docs/pull/10821/files#r1055154173

> > AWS has a cooldown period of node storage or size changes. If your TiDB cluster is hosted by AWS, after changing the node storage or node size of TiKV or TiFlash, you must wait at least six hours before you can change it again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> AWS has a cooldown period of node storage changes. If your TiDB cluster is hosted on AWS, after changing the node storage or node size of TiKV or TiFlash, you must wait at least six hours before you can change it again.
```

> **Note:**
>
> AWS has a cooldown period of node storage changes. If your TiDB cluster is hosted on AWS, after changing the node storage or node size of TiKV or TiFlash, you must wait at least six hours before you can change it again.

### Decrease node storage

For a running cluster, AWS and Google Cloud do not allow in-place storage capacity downgrade.

## Increase node size

> **Note:**
>

> > - Increasing node size is only available to clusters that are created in AWS after 2022/yy/mm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - Increasing node size is only available to clusters that are hosted on AWS and created after 2022/yy/mm.
```

> > - Increasing node size is only available to clusters that are hosted on AWS and created after 2022/yy/mm.

Author: ```suggestion
> - Increasing node size is only available to clusters that are hosted on AWS and created after 2022/12/31.
```

> > - AWS has a cooldown period of node storage or size changes. If your TiDB cluster is hosted by AWS, after changing the node storage or node size of TiKV or TiFlash, you must wait at least six hours before you can change it again.

Author: ```suggestion
> - AWS has a cooldown period of node size changes. If your TiDB cluster is hosted on AWS, after changing the node storage or node size of TiKV or TiFlash, you must wait at least six hours before you can change it again.
```

You can increase the node size for TiDB, TiKV, and TiFlash. Decreasing the node size is not supported.

To increase the node size, take the following steps:

1. In the TiDB Cloud console, navigate to the **Clusters** page for your project.

> 2. Locate the cluster that you want to scale up, and click **...** in the upper-right corner of the cluster area.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. In the row of the cluster that you want to scale, click **...**.
```

## Increase node size

You can increase the node size for TiDB, TiKV, and TiFlash. Decreasing the node size is not supported.

To increase the node size, take one of the following methods:

- Method 1: Increase the node size in the TiDB Cloud console

    1. In the TiDB Cloud console, navigate to the **Clusters** page for your project.
    2. Locate the cluster that you want to scale up, and click **...** in the upper-right corner of the cluster area.
    3. Click **Modify** in the drop-down menu. The **Modify Cluster** page is displayed.
    4. On the **Modify Cluster** page, increase the node size as you need.
    5. Click **Confirm**.

> - Method 2: Increase the node size through backup and restore

Author: Are Method 2 (backup and restore) and Method 3 (support tickets) still necessary? 

IMO we can safely remove these methods now that users can scale up right in the console.

Reviewer 2: +1

> ## Increase node size

Reviewer: Release note:
Support [increasing the Node Size](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/scale-tidb-cluster#increase-node-size)(vCPU + RAM), aka scale-up, for TiDB, TiKV, and TiFlash node of clusters created after November 30, 2022.

> 

Reviewer: 增加一个注意吧：
```
AWS clusters only, and clusters created after 2022/yy/mm can be increased the node size.
```

Reviewer: @ran-huang

## Increase node size

> **Note:**
>

> > Increasing ndoe size is only available to clusters that are created in AWS after 2022/yy/mm.

Reviewer: Increase node storage 里有一个说明：

> AWS has a cooldown period of node storage changes. If your TiDB cluster is hosted by AWS, after changing the node storage of TiKV or TiFlash, you must wait at least six hours before you can change it again.

这个cooldown是被 Increase node storage 和 Increase node size 共享的。改了任意一个都要停6小时。

Author: @SunRunAway updated the notes.
